update jael docs (#1106)
urbit/docs: arvo/jael/tasks.md

# `%private-keys`

```hoon
[%private-keys ~]
```

Subscribe to private key updates.

An agent or thread can subscribe to be notified of private key updates for the local ship. The subscription will continue until Jael receives a [%nuke](#nuke) `task` to cancel it.

## Returns

Jael responds to a `%private-keys` `task` with a `%private-keys` `gift` which looks like:

```hoon
[%private-keys =life vein=(map life ring)]
```

The `life` is the current life of the ship and the `vein` `map` contains the private key for each life up to (and including) the current one. Upon first subscribing, Jael will immediately respond with a `%private-keys` `gift`. Then, whenever the ship's private keys are changed, it'll send a new and updated `%private-keys` `gift`.

## Example

See the [%private-keys](@/docs/arvo/jael/examples.md#private-keys) section of the Examples document for a practical example.

# `%public-keys`

```hoon
[%public-keys ships=(set ship)]
```

Subscribe to public key (and related) updates from Jael.

> An agent or thread can subscribe to be notified of public key updates, sponsorship changes and continuity breaches for the `set` of `ship`s specified in the `ships` field. The subscription will continue until Jael receives a [%nuke](#nuke) `task` to cancel it.

Reviewer: > An agent or thread can ...

Not sure why these are mentioned explicitly. Technically any part of the system that can emit moves to arvo can do this. Ames uses this, for example.

## Returns

Jael responds to a `%public-keys` `task` with `%public-keys` `gift`s which look like:

```hoon
[%public-keys =public-keys-result]
```

The [$public-keys-result](@/docs/arvo/jael/data-types.md#public-keys-result) contains whatever changes have occurred.

Upon subscription, Jael will immeditely respond with a `%public-keys` `gift` containing a `%full` `public-keys-result` with the public key for each `life` up until the current one for each `ship` specified in the original `task`. After than, Jael will send a `%public-keys` `gift` with either a `%diff` or `%breach` `public-keys-result` each time a change occurs for any of the `ship`s to which you're subscribed.

## Example

See the [%public-keys and %nuke](@/docs/arvo/jael/examples.md#public-keys-and-nuke) section of the Examples document for a practical example.

# `%rekey`

```hoon
[%rekey =life =ring]
```

Update private keys.

> This is what is send to Eyre by `%hood` implicitly when you run `|rekey` after rekeying via Bridge (or via `|cycle-moon-keys` on your planet in the case of a moon). It will update your `life` (key revision number) and private keys. The `life` field is the new `life` (typically an increment of the current `life`) and the `ring` is a private key `@`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is what is sent to Jael by `%hood` when you run `|rekey`, as you must after setting new Azimuth keys. (In the case of a moon, `|cycle-moon-keys` sends this for you). It will update your `life` (key revision number) and private keys. The `life` field is the new `life` (typically an increment of the current `life`) and the `ring` is a private key `@`.
```

Or some similar change that's less awkwardly worded.

## Returns

> Eyre does not return any `gift` in response to a `%rekey` `task`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jael does not return any `gift` in response to a `%rekey` `task`.
```

There's a couple more instances, you'll want to ctrl-f for those.

Author: dammit I did this so many times, thought I'd caught them all

`gift` to Arvo, which then informs Unix that the initialization process has concluded.

This `task` takes a [$dawn-event](@/docs/arvo/jael/data-types.md#dawn-event) as its argument.

You would not use this `task` manually.

## Returns

Jael `%give`s an `%init` `gift` to Unix. This occurs after the Dill `%slip` init.

# `%fake`

```hoon
[%fake =ship]
```

Boot fake ship.

This `task` is used instead of [%dawn](#dawn) when creating a fake ship via the `-F` flag when calling the Urbit binary. It performs a subset of the actions that `%dawn` performs, modified to accommodate the fake ship.

`%fake` endows the ship with a private key and a public key deterministically derived from the ship's `@p`. It sets `fak.own.pki` to `%.y`, which is the bit that determines whether or not a ship is fake. Other parts of the Jael state, such as the sponsorship chain and galaxy public keys are left at their bunted values.

The `ship` field specifies the `@p` of the fake ship being created.

You would not use this `task` manually.

## Returns

Jael `%give`s a `%init` `gift` to Unix.

# `%listen`

```hoon
[%listen whos=(set ship) =source]  ::  set ethereum source
```

> Set ethereum source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set Ethereum source.
```
